introduction.mdx, before:

---
title: Introduction
description: 'Welcome to the home of your new documentation'
---

<img
  className="block dark:hidden"
  src="/images/hero-light.svg"
  alt="Hero Light"
/>
<img
  className="hidden dark:block"
  src="/images/hero-dark.svg"
  alt="Hero Dark"
/>

## Setting up

The first step to world-class documentation is setting up your editing environments.

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card
    title="Edit Your Docs"
    icon="pen-to-square"
    href="https://mintlify.com/docs/quickstart"
  >
    Get your docs set up locally for easy development
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Preview Changes"
    icon="image"
    href="https://mintlify.com/docs/development"
  >
    Preview your changes before you push to make sure they're perfect
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

## Make it yours

Update your docs to your brand and add valuable content for the best user conversion.

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card
    title="Customize Style"
    icon="palette"
    href="https://mintlify.com/docs/settings/global"
  >
    Customize your docs to your company's colors and brands
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Reference APIs"
    icon="code"
    href="https://mintlify.com/docs/api-playground/openapi"
  >
    Automatically generate endpoints from an OpenAPI spec
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Add Components"
    icon="screwdriver-wrench"
    href="https://mintlify.com/docs/components/accordion"
  >
    Build interactive features and designs to guide your users
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Get Inspiration"
    icon="stars"
    href="https://mintlify.com/customers"
  >
    Check out our showcase of our favorite documentation
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

Commit message:

lets see how this looks

introduction.mdx, after:

---
title: Introduction
description: 'So, you want to be an AI Engineer, Do Ya?'
---

<img
  className="block dark:hidden"
  src="/logo/ai-dev-life-banner.png"
  alt="Hero Light"
/>
<img
  className="hidden dark:block"
  src="/logo/ai-dev-life-banner.png"
  alt="Hero Dark"
/>

## What is an AI Engineer

For the purposes of this site, we're going to define an AI Engineer as an Applied AI Product Development role. Someone with more product development leaning experience and some machine learning experience or knowledge.

As an AI Engineer, you'll be expected to develop full-stack applications that utilize the latest AI tech and architectures to solve real customer problems.
We'll cover everything from training models to shipping AI products and iterating with customer feedback.

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card
    title="Chatbots and Agents"
    icon="pen-to-square"
    href="https://mintlify.com/docs/quickstart"
  >
    Jump right into our knoweledge base dedicated to creating AI powered chatbots and agents.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Multi-Modal and Image Generation"
    icon="image"
    href="https://mintlify.com/docs/development"
  >
    Learn more about how modern models can input and output more than just text. We'll cover image generation and more.
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

## Make it yours

Checkout our skill tree to decide what path is right for you and the skills we think you'll need as you progress in an AI engineering career.

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card
    title="Skill Tree"
    icon="palette"
    href="https://mintlify.com/docs/settings/global"
  >
    Customize your docs to your company's colors and brands
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Appyling for AI Engineering Jobs"
    icon="code"
    href="https://mintlify.com/docs/api-playground/openapi"
  >
    Automatically generate endpoints from an OpenAPI spec
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="DIY Projects"
    icon="screwdriver-wrench"
    href="https://mintlify.com/docs/components/accordion"
  >
    Build interactive features and designs to guide your users
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Founding an AI Startup"
    icon="stars"
    href="https://mintlify.com/customers"
  >
    Check out our showcase of our favorite documentation
  </Card>
</CardGroup>
